“Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.” 
“The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.” 
“If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle.” 
“Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt.” 
“Supreme excellence consists of breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting.” 
“All warfare is based on deception. Hence, when we are able to attack, we must seem unable; when using our forces, we must appear inactive; when we are near, we must make the enemy believe we are far away; when far away, we must make him believe we are near.” 
“Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win” 
“In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity”
“If your enemy is secure at all points, be prepared for him. If he is in superior strength, evade him. If your opponent is temperamental, seek to irritate him. Pretend to be weak, that he may grow arrogant. If he is taking his ease, give him no rest. If his forces are united, separate them. If sovereign and subject are in accord, put division between them. Attack him where he is unprepared, appear where you are not expected .” 
“The greatest victory is that which requires no battle.”
“Engage people with what they expect; it is what they are able to discern and confirms their projections. It settles them into predictable patterns of response, occupying their minds while you wait for the extraordinary moment — that which they cannot anticipate.” 
“There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare.”
“Treat your men as you would your own beloved sons. And they will follow you into the deepest valley.”
“Move swift as the Wind and closely-formed as the Wood. Attack like the Fire and be still as the Mountain.” 
“When you surround an army, leave an outlet free. Do not press a desperate foe too hard.” 
“The art of war is of vital importance to the State. It is a matter of life and death, a road either to safety or to ruin. Hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected.”
“When the enemy is relaxed, make them toil. When full, starve them. When settled, make them move.”
“who wishes to fight must first count the cost” 
“So in war, the way is to avoid what is strong, and strike at what is weak.” 
“To win one hundred victories in one hundred battles is not the acme of skill. To subdue the enemy without fighting is the acme of skill.”
“Be extremely subtle even to the point of formlessness. Be extremely mysterious even to the point of soundlessness. Thereby you can be the director of the opponent's fate.”“What the ancients called a clever fighter is one who not only wins, but excels in winning with ease.” 
“The wise warrior avoids the battle.”
“One may know how to conquer without being able to do it. ”
“The whole secret lies in confusing the enemy, so that he cannot fathom our real intent.”
“Rouse him, and learn the principle of his activity or inactivity. Force him to reveal himself, so as to find out his vulnerable spots.”
“If you know the enemy and know yourself, your victory will not stand in doubt; if you know Heaven and know Earth, you may make your victory complete.”
“He who is prudent and lies in wait for an enemy who is not, will be victorious.”
~